In this tutorial I'm going to explain how to collaboratively plan and run projects on the TeamBox using the app 'Project Management'...
When creating a project you can specify the project's name and description as well as its duration.
After creating the prokect you can see a calendar. It shows you all sceduled tasks and milestones for the project.
Tasks and milestones can be added by clicking on a specific date.
You can see all milestones in a list when navigating to it from the top bar.
In this overview, milestones can be edited or deleted. Here you can also add new milestones.
A milestone can have a descibtion as well as time limits.
You can also assign a specific talk to a member of your group. All tasks are displayed in an overwiew, too.
Before assigning is possible, however, a task list must be created or there must exist a milestone.
Such a task list can be assigned to a milestone when creating.
Once you have created a task list, you can add a task from the calendar or the task list view.
A task can be assigned to a particular member of your group.
Of course, both the task lists as well as the individual tasks can be edited afterwards.
You can close a task list when all task in it are finished.
In the menu bar you can also find a tab for messages. Group members can leave messages to each other about the project here.
If you're still looking for help with other apps on the TeamBox you can find other tutorials here...
Have fun working with your group on the TeamBox!